yes I finally decided to do a rant about
this this poor excuse of a network
police nowadays nowadays
I've probably been watching since 1997
Peter Osborne
they're show to watch through grass
I was like watch and
Mary's angry beavers Hey Arnold
Oh
Plus neither did I get really into
rocko's modern life absolute it a couple
times in as little and I think I like
only a couple of select episodes but the
show that really stands out to me the
most is records just recently they've
shown the Rugrats movie the walnut Baby
Doe is getting born and then I was like
watching the end of it and then I heard
the crime where i show you know what
like some commercials while the Pratt's
are rolling saying that are going to be
showing like one full hour of Rugrats
every night this week so I'm like oh my
gosh the bric-a-brac Rugrats and he much
as it's not just me under that people
all over the
Nickelodeon message boards are like in a
lot of brands on youtube or asking to
bring back the show and I believe the
last time i was on wikipedia cuz i
looked it up right before
he said the show was canceled in 2003
why would they cancel one of their
longest and most famous shadows like one
is giving you the most money one that's
like getting spam on their message
boards
so take like yeah like a
player
ok
in Windows Bobby and he's like the best
baseball player TT it's like treating
them in for like John John who sucks at
playing and that is just what I don't
get about Nickelodeon they've removed
all their good 90s shows the best time
and Nickelodeon we're placing their
pizzas with crap shows like tech the
power Jeju fanboy and chum chum where's
that other show can't remember but
anyway right oh I'm gonna give a wave
like you know what I mean which really
makes me mad and they've gotten yourself
such in a rut right now look like those
stupid power rangers like how old early
I never watch that show I know it's been
geared more took like five year old
little boys like I don't know little
boys and I've never even saw the show
it's never
in the premise show on and also this
australian british show member or
something like how do they learn from
the past from h2o that those little
british little sitcom shows like soap
operas do not work out well that's the
thing right there Nickelodeon never
learns which also makes me mad and that
they keep on adding these new shows and
then they never do work out the only two
shows that are really working for them
right now or icarly and spongebob I bet
you haven't noticed that fanboy and chum
chum hasn't been on nor the mighty be or
fairly odd parents they've been
replacing it with like tuff puppy in why
only seen one episode of plant machine
my first some reviews about it my
friends were saying that oh it's very
good it's um but that's getting off
topic the new Nickelodeon shows don't
even last that long spongebob was at all
90 show but it now sucks it's not as
good as it was at all of the nine like
in the early two thousands of 90s iCarly
just sucks I'm sorry but it just sucks
big time rush sucks it's like a naked
brothers band Jones brothers mixed in
together and so just I don't know it's
makes me like oh well now it's just
annoying it's like Drake and Josh naked
brothers band Jonas Brothers decent
channel crap mixed all together in one
will show the only reason that might one
of my friends watches it is
it's made about this one guy who made
nezzie classified I've heard some people
who didn't like that show for stupid
reasons but I I liked it though I was
too young and I wasn't in middle school
yet it was a pretty good show was funny
and now that i am in middle school now
then of those tips work they're just
really kind of out there so i could
understand why some people wouldn't like
the show I went on the Nickelodeon site
tonight just to do a little bit of
research before I ever talked to you
guys so I give you guys full facts and
um I was looking on there and i was
looking at all the TV shows that shown
today there's like six SpongeBob's know
there's a note six iCarly's like eight
SpongeBob's one like all grown up that
have an early early in the more I only
saw one episodes of penguins of
madagascar so I'm guessing they're
finally getting off that show also
picking up shows that have not been
shown back in the bar plus that new
stupid show Victorious I saw only um I
think about like four episodes of
Victorious and then I saw two episodes
of big time rush and that was it
freaking that's the whole thing nigga
night came earlier today maybe that's
why but like nigga night came at six
o'clock tell me what kid goes to bed at
six o'clock well I'm sorry you got to
bed at six o'clock but I mean that sucks
like it was like full house and then
George Lopez no it was full house to
full houses and in the Rugrats movie and
then George Lopez
Oh No seven minutes have passed already
eight minutes gone by um in the next
video you will see you here part to my
rant thanks for watching see ya